12
"Then, how about the one who came out earlier, XX from (A work from a big company)?"

Because he didn't play that, A-san shook his head horizontally.

B-shi, later on, talked about eroge, anime, manga, an even movies and drama. It wasn't a talk you would expect from a n interview.

A-san, while bending his innermost intention neck, answered to the questions.

And like that, they enthusiastically talked about movies.

-- So, you saying that an interview can be anything?

While talking with B-shi, A-san thought that from half his heart.
After a session of the topic ended, Finally B-shi starts:

"If you start writing scenario for the game, how much quantity can you write in one day?"

He asked a on topic-like question.

"In one month, about 200k i gues?"
"Is that so..... That's a bit slow huh"

That's right.
He had no knowledge of the pace people wrote,
Maybe he should have lied a say "1M", so A-san regretted.

"The thing is, you know our company, right now, we're prducing a new product, plus 2 other works are also moving.
This position is about the writer falling in those two other works..... Well, assuming A-san does come working with us,
Because you don't have experience, we'll have you positioned as a sub-writer."

As it has become an on topic onversation, A-san's heartbeat sped up a bit.

For him to be talking about soch concrete content, does it mean he wants me?
That's probably right. No, I'll just assume so for now.

But, B-shi's "Concrete" talk did not continue,
and they returned talking about recetnly released movies.

After 30 minutes.

"Then, thank you for today. I'll go back to company and consider more. It's all right if I send the application resutl by e-mail right?"

The inteview had ended.
Timewise, it lasted 1 hour.

Was that long, or short? A-san could not know.

"Thank you"

Back to the station gate, B-shi who had accompanied A-san bowed down his head and then took his road home/company.

14
How to put it, it was a strange intervew.
Or is it just this kind of thing?
It was mostly time spent on random/ talk.
A-san's works were not even mentioned, moreover, he wans't even ask why he applied.

For the time being, now that the intervew had finished, all there was to do was just wait for the resut.
A-san's feelings was 7 : 3, his superiority.
He would be hired for sure, so A-san thought without doubt.

After the interview, five days had passed.
Still nothing from B-san.

A-san irritated/worry waited, but those "Hired" 5 letters would not appear on his PC.

-- How long is he going to make me wait. That guy.......

It's not unexpected for him to panick/be impatient, A-san's savings hit the bottom.
If it doesn't get decided today, he'll have to start a part-time job tomorrow.
The irritated A-san.
And there, suddenly A-san's phone rang.
Answering the phone, he heard an unfamiliar middle-aged man's voice.
That man, said to be the representant of the company A-san had applied for.
It was not B-shi, it was a different company/maker.

-- Might it be, another interview?

But, that thought was off.
The man on the phone (C-shi)'s business/matter was this:


15

Right now, C-shi's company is making games.
They're working(hard) on a rape game, but the truth is they're short of writers.
And with this, A-san would be write text for them as an outsource.
What he'll write will be fragmented/ parts of H scenes only.
It was a sudden offer for A-san.
But, he didn't know the meanning of that "Outsource".
"Is is different from a company employee?"
So A-san asked, and C-shi kindly replied that they were different.

Outsource.....
He'll go to the company once a week, and the rest of it he'll do all the work from home.
A-san was lost/confused/hesitating.
An offshore was an offer that the inexperienced A-san would deserately take.
If he takes this offer, for the time being, he'll be able to free himself from the "Inexperience/ lack of experience"stigma he gets from his parents.
However, if he did take on the job, he would then not know how to respond when B-shi's notice comes.

16

It's not:

--I took an outsource job, please hire me later when I'll be done with this.

he can't say such a thing. A-san was troubled.
After thinking about it, A-san politely refused C-shi's offer.
Inside A-san, he naively believed that from B-shi's response at the interview, he would get it.

That choice, to how low A-san would be put with it, 
The A-san of the moment did not realize.

After refusing C-shi's offer, from B-san, an e-mail with the intervew result arrived.

"-- Based on our consideration. We'll not be hiring this time"

A-san, with tears on him, smashed the keyboard.






 














