-- Where or earth did I fall short in.......

Infront of the keyboard crushed into small pieces, A-san recalled back the interview from before.
The interview with B-shi, went great, that's what he thought himself.
The conversation was very smooth / bouncing.
He has no memory of taking any rude action.
The only thing that could be something was the question about the quantity he could write in one day, and A-san randomly replied 200k per month.
And there, B-shi had said "That's a bit slow".

Was that the reason for the rejection......
No, it must have been that.
To be honest, until now A-san had never thought about how much quantity he could write.
100k per month, or 1M per month didn't matter, so he thought. The content was the important part.

A-san, took out from his piles in the close a certain big name game.
This game, it got mentioned during the coversation with B-san as a game with good scenario from a big name company.

In order to distract himself from the shock of the refusal, A-san tried to play that game.

.....

18

The first, five hours later.......
As to be expected from a big game from a big company, you can't even finish one route in 5 hours.
According to the rumors on the internet, it would take 40hours to get a full complete.

This long play-time, was also a factor to raise this big-game's evaluation.
2 hours later...... Finally, A-san was able to clear one heroine.

So tired......
The time needed to get to one ending, 7 hours.
Playing like this, no wonder he was not able to enjoy the story.
But this is the best rated tame right now.

"....."

A-san realized one thing.
The game's play-time, in other words the quantity of scenario.
As a general rule, it's said that 100k  = 1 hour.
If for a full-complete it takes as much as 40 hours, with a simple calculation, the quantity of scenario would be 4M.
If a writer writes 200k per month, assuming 4M of scenario is written by one person, it owuld take 20months.
Moreover, that is just purely the writing time of the scenario.
If you add in all other tasks, the development period would be over 2 years.
Even if you allocate the scenario to other wirters, 200k per month is still slow.

19

And of course, no matter how much you can write per month, if it's contet is shit, everything is usels.s.
Buy, right now if the period of "scenario inflation".
The big game that A-san had played, the extended play-time was a factor for the support and positive evalueation by the users.
And the himself who can barely do 80k per month,

Looking at t he tide/current of the industry, one can't be called a writer with that.......

According to rumors, a certrtain famouse writer who was able to hit a big game with a doujin, would write 40pages of manuscrpt everyday.
That's finishing A-san's 1 months worth of work in 2 days.
If you compare yourself with that writer, A-san's productivity is low indeed.

"Write good stuff fast. That's an obviuos fact for a pro"

A-san was burning.
It's not ending like this.
Without delay, he takes out a new keyboard from the closet, and started the production of a scenratio that he had concepted and refined in his mind.

20
-- Let go the scenario's conent for a moment.
   Because it invovles the writer's sense, it's not something that can be overcome with effort only.
  But, in order to increasing the quantity of the writing, you can do something about it with effort. (A-san's father's words.)

  Raise the quality of the scenarion, and at the same time, shorten the time it takes.
A-san settled that to be his immediate goal.

Now that he thinks about it, until now has only been thinking about being hired the the compnay and neglected to look at his level as writer from an obective perspective/.
As long as you work as a pro and taking money from the company, it's just a taken that you need to have a considerable degree of skill.
Now at this point in time but, A-san had reached this belief.

In order to raise his skills as a writer, in any case the only thing that can be done is to write.
And also, read books, absorb various things and polish one's sense.
There's probably no other way other than those, A-san thoght.
A-san's age was 25. For an inexperienced, to enter the industry at this age, it's very tough.
There is no minute, no second to waste.

21
He gave more consideration and experimentation with the style of writing.
A-san's style until now was completely short story form, a stiff/formal sentences.
But with this, it's not possible to increase the efficiency of work.
The reason why A-san took 1 month to write almost 100k was because: he took half the month to write up the short story,
and then the other half to revise it.
He's going to take off the revision time, no, by deacreasing its time, he will have more time to write.
In order to do so, during the revision he'll stop using the dense expressions that take effort, or the hard kanji.
And in the first place, that stuff is not needed for an eroge.

-- What I'm aiming for is a not a novelist, but a scenario writer.

Pin the the basic grammar, and write easy to read text according to it will be enough.
But, that was rather difficult to do.......
The habits that he has stained with his body, don't really go away easily.

22
It takes so much to write, and it has no meaning if other people don't evaluetae it.
A-san, thinking of that, to create a place to announce/publish the text he write, he created a home page.
In order to attract more people, he based the concept of the site a deriviation of a famouse eroge.
Once a week, he would uppload the scenario he has written to the site.

At the same time, A-san would make his livings with a part-time job.
As revenge, he started writing the scenario and game plan for the reapplication.

This time, he'll constrain the application to two companies, and make the scenario and game plan match the company's brand image.

There were no more contacts from the 22 companies he applied.
The rejection notices came from roughly half of the 22 companies.
The others, even after two months, not even a sound.
A-san accepted it, that's just how it is.
His time now, goes into updating his own site and the production of the new application material.

Spending busy days.........
And another month,

One day, a sudden notice came.






























